---
title: Mailing Lists
---

Tor Project maintains a number of mailing lists for discussion about
Tor-related topics. These mailing lists may be of particular interest to
researchers:

## tor-dev

 * Post address: [tor-dev@lists.torproject.org](mailto:tor-dev@lists.torproject.org)
 * Subscribe: https://lists.torproject.org/cgi-bin/mailman/listinfo/tor-dev
 * Archives: http://lists.torproject.org/pipermail/tor-dev/

This is a public mailing list for discussion about the development of Tor.
Examples of on-topic discussions would include (where there is a clear relation
to Tor): Path selection algorithms, Post-quantum cryptography, Privacy
preserving telemetry, Congestion control, Attacks and Mitigations.

## tor-researchers

 * Post address: [tor-researchers@lists.torproject.org](mailto:tor-researchers@lists.torproject.org)
 * Subscribe: https://lists.torproject.org/cgi-bin/mailman/listinfo/tor-researchers
 * Archives (Private): http://lists.torproject.org/pipermail/tor-researchers/

This is a private list to facilitate research related to Tor: It's a place to
discuss with other like-minded reseachers, get in touch with core members of
the Tor team, and build collaboration for research projects. It's also a new
list and an experiment that we are not sure which direction it will go, let's
all shape it together.

We understand the value of early feedback in a private setting, that academia
can be a competitive environment and also that research may be subject to
embargoes while work is under submission for publication. However, please note
that Tor Project strives to be as transparent as possible, and we encorage you
to move discussion to the public tor-dev mailing list once it is ready for
public review/commentary.

<!-- To join this list please XXXX TODO. -->

<!-- ## pet

TODO: https://lists.links.org/mailman/listinfo/pet -->

## tor-relays-universities

 * Post address: [tor-relays-universities@lists.torproject.org](mailto:tor-relays-universities@lists.torproject.org)
 * Subscribe: https://lists.torproject.org/cgi-bin/mailman/listinfo/tor-relays-universities
 * Archives: http://lists.torproject.org/pipermail/tor-relays-universities/

Many computer science departments, university libraries, and individual
students and faculty run relays from university networks. These universities
include the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT CSAIL), Boston
University, the University of Waterloo, the University of Washington,
Northeastern University, Karlstad University, Universitaet Stuttgart, and
Friedrich-Alexander University Erlangen-Nuremberg. To learn more about how to
get support for a relay on your university's network, check out [EFF's
resources](https://www.eff.org/torchallenge/tor-on-campus.html).

This is a public lists with archives to build a community of Tor relay ops at
universities, colleges, and other education institutions that can help each
other to solve issues and help prospective ops at other institutions to get
started.
